this is a brief video of my passive
push-button start as you can see there's
the fob that's a debt to the keyring
stays in your pocket you don't need to
do anything press any buttons
you can manually press the button on/off
if you want but if you press and hold
the button it goes into passive mode and
makes the light flash like that I'm
going to walk up to the car the five is
sitting on my tool box notice let it
focus and there we go no keys put my
foot on the clutch
there's my Start button blue nothing -
is off now let's walk back and get the
fob and we'll listen very carefully I'll
try not to talk while I do it
when I picked the remote up it'll start
transmitting and listen for the
beep-beep as the car is passively arming
or disarming rather there it was now I
have to put the key in the ignition
for the paths I don't have that by pest
yet where's the dinging now I press the
button the cars active gauges light up
hello everything's powered up well look
at rowlf's cages everything's powered up
i press it again it shuts off how to
start the vehicle we press them hold it
with the mean with shift foot on the
clutch of course
press and hold release it when it starts
just shut it off I have a built-in delay
where if you accidentally tap it if you
accidentally tap that it won't disable
if the press and hold it for about a
quarter of a second
not even and it's off and if I was ever
gonna do programming or head to do any
kind of other stuff where I needed to
have just the ignition in how you do is
press and hold the ignition this time
I'm ready for the music
you see it's backlit blue engine start
it's a sharp-looking button I have
matches all my other blue in my - so
that's why I have the blue one I do have
a red button that has nothing on it
I know I told you I had one that said
engine start I do have a red button
that's a little more flush but it's
pretty much the same size you can notice
in the back I have a black washer there
it's a body why sure I got at the
hardware store so that's that now key
out of the ignition I'm going to leave